Okay, Jean, the last review question is how can Jesus' death benefit you?
I suppose I should say that it means forgiveness for my sins, but God's not going to forgive me.
What makes you feel that way?
I don't feel, I know.
I made better choices in my business than I did at home.
Sorry.
Jean, scroll down to where it says, explore.
And click under, can Jehovah forgive even serious sins?
Okay, got it.
Can you read the second paragraph, please?
Sure.
Some people have committed gross sins and wonder whether God can forgive them.
Happily, the Word of God says the blood of Jesus His Son cleanses us from all sin.
Jehovah willingly forgives even serious sins if we have a proper repentance attitude.
The blood of Jesus cleanses us from all sin.
Through the ransom, Jehovah forgives our sins, even serious ones, and he draws us to them.
But Ron, why should anyone get a free pass?
Because it's not free.
Do you see the scripture link to Isaiah chapter 1, verse 18?
I see it.
Can you read it, please?
Come now and let us set matter straight between us, says Jehovah.
Though your sins are like scarlet, they will be made as white as snow.
Though they are as red as crimson cloth, they will become like wool.
So forgiveness of our sins is possible if we set matter straight.
What do you, Jean, think that means?
I need to do what's right.
I'm trying.
Yeah, that's good.
It also involves how we feel.
We should feel sorry. I am.
No, that's a good sign, Jean.
Lastly, let Jehovah help you with a step that's the hardest for many of us.
He can help you forgive yourself.
Jesus died for me.
Ron, I think I'm going to need a little more time to process this.
We all do.
Let's go ahead and conclude with a prayer.
And we'll specifically ask Jehovah to strengthen your faith in the ransom and his forgiveness.
Later, when you pray, you can beg him for the same thing.
Thank you.
Okay, I'll say a prayer.